what is up guys in a Sarah I am here
with Brandon Harvey for another episode
of that creative life
so Brandon Harvey is a storyteller you
call yourself a storyteller so what are
your main mediums that you story tell on
man I I feel like I'm storytelling all
over the place right now I just started
a podcast that's been super fun but
historically you know I've been telling
stories on Instagram through photography
through writing and then on snapchat you
graduated college a year ago and so tell
me what did you study how did you get
into photography during that time you
said you start at the age of 16 years
old so what did that look like for you
when you were like doing school - I
moved from this small little town I grew
up in where I got started in the world
of photography to Portland Oregon which
is in a lot of ways the exact opposite
of that town and I loved that and so
while I was there I was just exploring
this new city experiencing this new kind
of lifestyle living in the heart of a
city I was living right downtown would
walk everywhere and I just started kind
of documenting that experience as I went
but I was also going to college at the
same time and as my career kind of grew
as I started getting more and more jobs
as I started to get get to travel more I
would just like skip school and like go
and like fly somewhere real quick fly
back like doing work on the plane it was
such a bizarre experience that's so good
because I feel like you know you have to
do you so if schools for you do it if
schools not for you there's a lot of
different alternate paths that you can
take out there but kind of speak to when
you're in school you can't just like
head down be completely focused on that
piece of paper at the end of the road
yeah like kind of talk to the importance
of you have to like get out there like
actually do real-world things and like
was it I'm sure it was hard like were
there late nights were like how was that
kind of like yeah well okay so the big
thing is that if you like our studying
photography or I mean I wasn't studying
photography I studied marketing and
advertising but if you're studying
something and you want to go into a
creative field specifically coming out
with a piece of paper
never get you a job that will never
guarantee you anything so when you're at
school you're at school to learn and to
connect and to take opportunities and so
my big thing was that I started just
getting to know people you know a crazy
thing you can do is when you're a
college student you can show up and be
like hey I'm a college student can I
learn from you and people will tell you
everything that you want to know and so
like taking opportunities like that you
know I would like sit in the back of
classrooms and like edit stuff while
listening to the professor like you can
kind of just like molta like I don't
wanna say multitask but you can kind of
just use this as an opportunity to learn
but like you have to go hard on
everything else at the same time because
it when you come out of school if you
just have that piece of paper you're
never gonna get a job yeah you're never
gonna get it like a creative gig you
have to be able to show your value with
your work yeah that's so good cuz there
is so much freedom with college like
yeah it's so much hard work but I feel
like there's this freedom associated
with it that you don't have in high
school and you can go and explore and
stuff so that's that's good so he is an
amazing snapchatter I followed him for
several months and he's amazing at
storytelling and he's a snapchat an
amazing way to do that and so kind of
speak a little bit to like storytelling
I love gear like yeah I'm a photo/video
person you guys know I love gear but
what is King yeah like story right
that's what's engaging people yeah and
so snapchat it's literally just like
your iPhone totally and so what what
have you found that's been different and
fun about snapchat and how you can
leverage that to just story tell exactly
yeah well I mean and that's been my
process through this whole journey of
every platform I've use I've gone from
all man I love this gear I love what I
can do with it too basically saying how
can I strip this down as much as
possible and so I started seeing all
these people who would buy camera gear
they'd buy stuff and they they'd call
themselves a photographer they'd call
themselves a filmmaker and I was kind of
I was getting a little bit frustrated
because I was like is it the gear that
determines the impact you can have with
your craft and so that's when I started
shooting photos with my iPhone I started
basically saying I'm gonna like use this
guy
and I'm gonna shoot photos with it and
it's going to be my it's gonna be the
way that I like get gigs and so I
started just using it to shoot photos
and I got hired by all these brands to
shoot photos cuz I didn't know I was
shooting on my iPhone Hey as soon as
snapchat came along I was like okay this
is an opportunity for me to tell stories
it with without all the gear just it's
so stripped down and so easy a Sarah is
hardcore because she edits all this she
makes everything look amazing but the
thing is that snapchat is makes it so
easy like no I didn't you just shoot
everything in order like I did back in
the day when I shot on like a little
hand held camera when I was a kid yeah
and so I know there's just something
really powerful about just going out
creating stuff and not worrying about
all the things that kind of get in the
way of that yeah that's so good so good
Brendan you have a podcast what is it
called it is called a sounds good with
Brandon Harvey I love it and I've just
recently started podcasting cuz you guys
know I'm obsessed with music and so I'm
the type of person that if my ears are
free and I'm not listening to music I
just feel like I'm cheating on music
anything else it's weird it's weird but
I recently got into podcasts in the
startup podcast is what got me in so I
just subscribed sounds good and I'm so
excited to listen to it and so tell me a
little bit about what that focuses on
and you talk about who do you talk to
yeah so
sounds good is basically this podcast
focused on these people like this is
special community of people in the world
who use their platform to make an impact
in the world or you know it's maybe not
even that they don't let cynicism bog
them down they don't let kind of the
darkness of the Internet and of the
world
you know like the the news the bad news
of the world get them down they just
live lives with hope and optimism and
joy and so sounds good as basically a
conversation with people like that
that's good that's awesome that's so
cool and the internet everyone knows the
Internet is the best thing in the world
at the same time it can be so negative
like so
Oh negative and especially I mean
luckily when I was in high school I
didn't have that pressure of like how
many likes was my Instagram yeah I know
because there's like this pressure I
feel like I'm especially younger people
to have like certain online standards
instead and with that comes like
negativity so I mean what is your advice
to anyone out there that maybe is I mean
we're getting a little deep here but
maybe it's like struggling with
negativity online you know kind of like
how to counter that and how to maybe
find the good out there
yeah in the Internet yeah I mean that is
a fantastic question the big thing that
I would I would say is is just go seek
out the gov the internet like you you
basically you get to decide what you're
following you get to decide what you're
not following and so from me I've just
kind of cast out all negativity from the
internet so like if if I'm following
somebody and they just keep on saying
things that are really cynical or like
kind of cutting or biting I almost feel
like I'm gonna unfollow them or I'll
mute them you know if I don't want to
offend them or whatever but I'm just
like I don't even put that into my life
right and then I'll just find people
like like kid president humans and I
work like these amazing people they're
absolutely gonna be on the podcast right
at some point soon like I'm gonna follow
along with their journey because they're
bringing so much hope and light to the
world and so that that's the big first
thing the second thing is is find a way
to compliment somebody online everyday
like that's not so good you just find
someone you find something that they did
that you like no matter how famous you
are like the other day I tweeted Ashton
Kutcher and I was like dude I really
like this thing yeah and it's like he's
one of the most followed people on
Twitter yeah but it's that's so good but
it's just the act of doing that is so
healthy so find people celebrate them if
I were to have a third thing I think it
would be to make a rule for yourself
where you say if I died right now and
this tweet that I shared this YouTube
video this vine this Instagram whatever
was the very last like this remained at
the top for the rest of our world like
what I want this thing to be what people
know me as that was so good cuz the
truth is that one day our kids are
like be able to scroll through our
entire digital life hello and so it's
like a matter of major key right there
that is just a matter of like deciding
you know Who am I gonna be Who am I
gonna represent myself as that is so
good and another thing with that I feel
like when you're building up other
people and you're speaking encouragement
into other people's live I feel like
that just seeps into every facet of your
life because it has a lot to do with
like your outlook on things maybe you
know if people are feeding negativity to
you half of it I feel like it's kind of
up to you to flip the script okay and
you put out those positive vibes and you
might you might bring some back and so I
feel like that's a big part of that if
you had one thing that you can put out
into the world to this audience what
would it be like what would you say dang
that's good I you know the big thing
that I can think of is like you get to
choose the story that you're living and
you get to choose what your goals are
you to choose the goal that you're
aiming for and like choose wisely and
and the thing is you get the you get a
lifetime to figure out what that is but
start just kind of like aiming towards
the right things like if your goal is to
become internet famous like that's not
gonna be as healthy of a goal as like I
want to become somebody that loves
people well I want to be somebody who
people admire I want to be a good friend
yeah and something to that if you're
good at something you want to be known
sorry you know I mean that is like
completely healthy but guys you gotta be
good at something so take this time to
like develop be true to yourself because
once you figure out what you're good at
what you like there's a way a higher
possibility of you succeeding in that in
that area then it would like you trying
to be someone else so yeah and you
really have to round yourself out in
that process of figuring out what you
want to do and the thing is like but
like so right now my full-time thing is
that I like make snapchats and make
podcasts and that job didn't exist like
two years right so like I could have
never known that that was the trajectory
I was heading
so the big I mean okay so this is one of
my favorite pieces of wisdom ever
it's from Conan O'Brien when he had to
leave I think it's the late night show
and he said you know like if you work
hard and be kind amazing things will
happen to you and that's the way that I
try to like live my life is I want to
work harder the things I'm working at
and I want to be kind because you'll
always there will be people who remember
you for being kind and and that will
give you the leg up and the
opportunities years down the road that's
okay if you forget that part then you
fail if you don't actually put in the
work and then your trajectory is not
taking you right so and look around at
the people around you like life sucks
without being able to share those fun
things available I mean yes go be the
best filmmaker you can be go be the best
photographer you me go be the best like
tax IRS person ID you can be creative
and anything you do but it's like you
gotta come up for air every now and then
look around yeah look at the people
around you cuz like that's what makes
life good it's like the people hmm
yeah I saw this great quote the other
day that basically it says something
along the lines of you know sometimes
you get so bogged down like in the
middle of your thing that you're doing
that you that you forget the perspective
that like somebody who does something
totally different things of what you do
is amazing and so like when you are
working hard and you're like a little
bubble that's awesome like hustle grind
get all that done but then also come out
and like appreciate the beautiful things
out to be more doing that you're totally
different than you yeah the people are
totally appreciating those things in you
that is so good and that's a wrap for
everything yeah that is amazing make
sure to go check out Brandon obviously
on snapchat your Instagram feed is bomb
in this new podcast I am so excited to
dive into that podcast and yeah it was
fun and thanks thanks for joining us
guys creatively for having me this is
some yeah awesome see you guys the next
video yes also be sure to hit like know
yeah
if you dig this that's it make sure that
that like button and
scribe button for Mara and then tab
right here and this word is it's a
mystery button job and we're doing
something very cool today we have a
chair one of my chairs and he is going
to like spray-paint it tag it